I'm back did you hear me I can't believe
they crown the back deck champion
without me what a joke
just you wait Gingka I'll show you who
the real number one dead wrist
do you hear me you bitch me masamune
kadoya that's who
you ripped your dick
coming dick
blow job
fucking shit fucking nights bitch bitch
bitches Oh
Hikaru could you please stop calling me
the director what why don't you call me
a spanked the ass bank um
sure thing whatever I'm owner
where did that come from jackass this
looks like a fun little battle let me
play - my name is masamune kadoya mr.
slow down I'm gonna spurt sorry
competes in the final battle right great
cuz my ray striker and I are the world's
strongest we're number one yeah see
there he's really good or he's had too
much easier today it's one or the other
fuck think so then battle with me I'll
pass what what are you afraid buddy
I don't battle bitches